intro:
"You embark on a journey to the PLACE_HOLDER station to investigate the reason why the main hub lost contact with it a week ago.
When you finally arrive you find it in a pityful state. It still looks functional but clearly something went wrong.
Your admiral will keep you updated on the mission as you uncover the truth."

ADMIRAL:
"Let's look around and see how compromised this place is."

6: ADMIRAL:
"Seems like some specimens got out. We didn't see anybody either. The comms room is at the top of the east elevator, you might find more infos there."

10: HARAMBE:
"Il vous faudra un tir plus puissant que ca."
10: PLAYER:
"Thank God I speak animal."

6: ADMIRAL:
"Such creature should never have been left out of there confinement unit. This couldn't happen due to an accident, we would have been alerted before losing contact.
You need to find out more about what happened here, go to the north elevator, i detected a human lifeform there on your ship's radar."

10: HARAMBE: (freed)
"C'est pas trop tot, pour nous garder enfermer dans nos cages sans voir le soleil ni pouvoir faire du sport et venir nous injecter des nano-machines dans le corps
y'a du monde mais dès que ca part en couilles ya plus personne !
ON EST PLUS EN 2021 QUAND MEME !
Je sais pas vous mais moi je vais me barricader"

PNJ: HARAMBE:
"Comment ca 'ingrat' ? Jte file un truc si tu vas chercher mon pote pendant que je reste planqué."
-->OUI
-->NON

PNJ: HARAMBE:
"C'est à toi le vaisseau un eu plus loin ?
Nan rien il a l'air sympa."

6: ADMIRAL:
"WTF was that ?! Seems like it was originaly a crewmate since it echoed on the radar.
....
You received new orders. Looks you didn't board a simple research station, you now need to redirect its orbit to crash onto the nearby planet.
This will blow up the planet too but we can't afford to have this thing survive.
for that you will need a key card to acces the cockpit. It's quite far but but there should be one at the top of the west wing.
Make Haste."

PNJ: BEURRE:
"Hello !
Tiens pour les services.
...
Vous pensiez vraiment pouvoir contenir ce genre de personnage avec ci peu de moyens ?
COMMENT CA QUI ?
T'as qu'à aller voir dans le congelateur ce que tes potes manigancaient ici."

PNJ: BEURRE:
"OUI.
oui, oui. C'est lui. Le chroniqueur dans la grande emission sur Azur TV. Damsweb.
Donc maintenant qu'on sait tous qu'on est dans la merde, qu'est -ce qu'on fait ?"

6: ADMIRAL:
"You can't afford to laze around, now that you have the key the cockpit should be right above the comms room.
You should also be ready to run once the course is set.
Good Luck."

PNJ: BEURRE:
"Toi t'as tue Damsweb ?
Ouai c'est ca. Moi j'ai eu 100% au Antman.
Bah oui mais tu dis des trucs pas realisables, moi aussi."

6:"ADMIRAL:
"RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNN !!"

OUTRO HARAMBE not saved:
"You take off as the station crashes behind your ship. Your admiral doesn't even congratulate you, as this was a defeat.
Losing to the greed of science. You did not even look for survivors, just blindly following orders, you might have missed so many oportunities.
Thus you return to the HQ with a bitter taste in your mouth.
...
loser..."

OUTRO HARAMBE saved:
"As you arrive to the deck, you find it empty.
Where did it go ? Where is your ship ?
With your last chance to survive gone, in your last moments, you wonder.
How could it disappear ? No signs of it getting destroyed, the deck was secured.
Did someone betray you ? Who ?
Your admiral, whose words you always trusted blindly ?
Or some higher-ups ?
You will never know, as it ends here.
...
As your time runs out it hits you:
'Fucking animal took it !'
...
Those were your last words."

OUTRO DAMSWEB slain:
"You take off as the station crashes behind your ship.
It's over.
You won ?
'Oui'
You hear behind you, horrified.
You know it takes 3 days to get back to HQ, and you can't bring yourself to end them.
...
No you can't you just saved them !
In the end you won, but it will cost you a great price.
Such is the fate of heroes.
...
'on peut s'arreter en chemin, j'en ai marre d'etre enferme'"